That will be my policy.
There's no power at birth to have changed around.
And again, I want to compliment the individuals who have placed their oath to defend the
country against enemies and certainly come into the enemies, rather than beyond any presidential
directive.
And none of them will be brought to my grand jury because of any information which I
have given to me.
If any administration wants to indict me for receiving and giving the American people
information about coming up, they can just go right ahead and do the indictment.
If you may, they will have to buy this, but I don't know of any old women in my home.
But the law is to use countries that require them to commit a crime.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
He would be happy to moderate a week to press program during the time and at the base
between sentiment trafficking and sentiment trafficking.
Mr. Guelton, even remotely connected on my table with the hearings, nothing to do about
the document in question.
Mr. Guelton, the 130 economists who still be suspect working in the census mask, and
certainly work with this committee to take us in some other form and not here.
Mr. Guelton, I do hope you will not incite another revolution, but if you might, then
please be heard out for a case.
It's very grateful to you and I say you are sticking to the pattern when I talk.
For many years, I ran the airport of the United States and the civilian head of the
Department of the Family does run under our former government.
From the standpoint of the security of the United States, and I did my best to make this
country as secure as possible against communism, I would hate to think that all the people in
the L-Forets of the Army, the Navy, who may have some work against their superior officers
or who may feel that their wisdom was superior to that of their superior officers, including
the Commander-in-Chief, for being close to giveaway secrets to those people they thought
in their mind and they made the decision.
They have the right to give some secrets to regardless of the law of the land.
One of my oldest friends in this paper business the other day said that Echahubar told him
that he released the document so he would be jailed.
I read that for the great deal of interest and I have never said that anybody committed
any form in receiving it, but I do say that regardless of his personal opinion, no man
can take an oath of office not to devour secrets as the right to decide to do it.
I have a very question to tell you.
I'd like to give back to Mr. Cohn's testimony.
I think we've been waiting for the story, but I think there is an old policy.
We hear a lot of this from the next President.
I'm wondering if you share this.
I'll have the authority to protect you in the correct moment if you tell me to just...
I'm talking about your role as a matter.
Of course, there's nothing easy to do about this.
Mr. Chairman, I agree it's fully irrelevant in the farthest appearance.
However, it is very relevant in the farthest work of the investigative media concern.
At this point, I deeply deserve to find my two Democrats, Tully, in effect, notifying
the two million people who work for this government.
So, I think the time for those employees to give the chairman of an investigating committee
evidence of communist infiltration, treason.
I think that will serve to discourage them.
As far as I'm concerned, I would like to notify those two million federal employees
that I feel it's very dizzy to give us any information that they have about graph, corruption,
and communism, treason, and that there is no loyal face to a superior officer,
which can power above and beyond their loyal face to their country.
And I may say that I hope today comes when this administration
notifies all federal employees that any information that they have about long doing
should they give them to any congressional committee which is empowered to take it a period.
The effect on the climate does not activate no mistakes in the statements.
I want to make this our topic.
If this theory is followed, if this principle is adopted, then ever better employee,
just with you everything he knows, that is information against communism,
then you can have no security system in America.
It will destroy totally any irreversible.
Give it up in this criminal thing.
Look, this is our practice.
This one, under traction.
May I inform you now please not to get into this.
I'm going to go for a last-minute session.
Now I hope you can tell these people remain in power.
The main thing is that the administration is going on between the C.P.
We should participate.
We should get on with the theory.
Well, I'm sorry.
Nothing to do whatsoever with the theory.
You're not against certain other true autos of America.
They grew autos of America.
The email being serious.
They came into these theories.
I merely want to say that the expressions that send them a column in timing and send their signings
have made regarding the people who give out such information from the department
is not just a personal view, but is my understanding that Mr. J. Edgar Hoover
and Mr. Brown L.
It's a general of the United States that deployed it and indicated it's a violation of law.
That's not a matter to be sought to run on a personal basis,
but it comes from the highest law enforcement officers in the country.
That's the technical information.
If a state department employee has not wrapped down the door
of the President's chairman of the Committee, Senator Monk,
and gave him information about prisons,
Alder and his would not be in jail today.
Mr. Edgar,
the column, the technical.
Shall we, Mr. Chairman?
I'm willing to.
I mean, Mr. Cohen, you were telling us the Committee about the work being done
by the Democratic Committee with respect to the investigation of communists and subversives
in the Army.
I'm tired of the beginning of the theory.
That's right, sir.
I don't believe you had finished your statements with respect to that area of investigation
and that now is due to those over the course.
The area of investigation and other words are the information and the allegations
which we had received presented the following picture,
which I might say was confirmed in almost every instance.
Almost every instance.
We found, sir, that pro-communist literature has been imused by Army intelligence
and were still in use in some cases by Army intelligence.
You, sir, it was a thank-miss call.
Sir, I'm giving you the benefit of the information and evidence which we assembled.
And in this case, I would make a reference to public hearing of the subcommittee conducted on September the 28th, 1953,
and I would like to record to speak for itself on that.
Then there was some other areas that the Jenkins which we have not had a chance to do this
which were publicly yet, which concerned generally people following the communist line teaching that very Army institutions.
We found that a directive has been issued in 1944, committing and perhaps in the interpretation of many even encouraging the commissioning of Communists.
So for the benefit of the director of the sub-ministration, was that a directive issue?
Yes, I made some time for the Rosalows.
But anyway, a directive was issued in 1944, I believe by the Department of the Army, or the War Department, that it was then called,
committing the commissioning of people who are Communists and members of the Communists party.
We were told, sir, and we found that a number of persons, a number of Communists, had some commission in the United States Army
that some of them were still in the Army, and that some had been committed in fairly recent years.
Then, sir, we were given an information and we found that as far as the Army civilian personnel were concerned,
there had been infiltrations by Communists, people with Communists records, and people who were certainly security-ripped.
We found that that infiltration had extended particularly to the Army secret radar laboratory
that Fort Lund was new to Jersey, and if I might relate one very short incident, which came to our attention about that.
We were told, sir, that a man by the name of Aaron Cole, named Spiggett and East Proceedings, was still working at Fort Lund.
That was in the spring of 1953. We were told that Aaron Cole and was working at Fort Lund as a civilian employee.
Now, that name rang about. I know that that name had been mentioned in the course of the SB&R trial of the executed Adams-5,
Studio and Apple Rosenberg. One fact, and I checked the Rosenberg's record, the record of the Rosenberg's trial,
and I found that in the course of the testimony of Julius Rosenberg, the convicted and executed Adams-5,
he had testified that Aaron Cole and the same Aaron Cole and had been a friend and an associate of his at Fort Lund.
That month, specifically, sir, I'm referring to folio 1284 of the record that was handed to the Supreme Court.
And Rosenberg had one time worked at Fort Lund. Rosenberg had won a school at first, 12 onwards. He had been there on business,
and he was working technically, sir, so the Army signal score has an effector.
I'm about to clear the record now. That's executed straight. That's good.
Certainly, it was long before Secretary Steve Lund. Yes, it's a soon-to-dead use of his office. Yes, it was. Rosenberg was working for the Army signal score,
I believe, from around 1940 or 41 to 1945. But he found that Coleman had worked there simultaneously with Rosenberg.
Well, that's right. If you want to defend the turn, I think it's a secret self-assignment.
So, did Rosenberg be convicted out of five with air at his trial as well? Question.
Can you give us now the names of some other flat names of yours, with whom you had either social or business relations after your graduation, and by Rosenberg?
Well, there were people who were in my squad and the electrical engineering corps.
Mr. Aaron Coleman, whose subsequent to graduation, I met at Fort Lund when I was the time there.
He went on to say, there are many names of you additional names. He then went on to say, with air by the corps by your German cow.
Did you see any of these people social?
Julian Rosenberg answered the only way I got to see them socially was by going out for lunch with them,
subject by the corps. In connection with the corps, in connection with your business, Julian Rosenberg was my visiting then.
So, in other words, Aaron, the spring of 1953, we were told that one of the people still working at Fort Lundman was a friend and associate of Adam's pie Julian Rosenberg.
And that Berteling was Coleman, that was Aaron Coleman, that leg of bailing your mind.
It did sir the name did, I then checked the records, I have to say what I just read here and other things.
This was before we were ever starting to be hearing, you know, before we were out in the air.
They know, things are going at Richard Coleman.
We went on with the Coleman tater, and we checked around on that.
And we were told, and what we were told is later been confirmed under oath, that this same Aaron Coleman, who was still working at Fort Monmouth, had participated in communist activity with the executed Adams by Julius Rosenberg.
And of course we believe that to present a solid alarming situation, to think that Coleman could still in the year 1953 at Monmouth.
Did or not your investigation prove that to be correct?
Sir, on the record on that I believe speaks for itself.
Coleman on the stand, on the cross examination before this committee I believe on December 8th, admitted that Julius Rosenberg had taken him, had taken Coleman, through a meeting of the young communist league.
He denied membership in the young communist league, but a man named Nathan Sussman, who admitted membership in the young communist league, named Coleman under oath as a member of the young communist league in the same style with Julius Rosenberg and other people who have been found to be spies and Russian espionage agents.
I'm a secone, I have a committee to go into somebody's favor with respect to Aaron Coleman, because his name figures right commonly in the testimony here to forgive him.
And well again, I would ask you whether or not in addition to Coleman, you discovered that there were other employees, some in him employees, at Fort Monmouth are in Charmy, whose records were set as a team.
And it is your interest as a member of the McCartney Investigating Committee.
We were, without mentioning any names, we were told that there were a large number of people with communist affiliations and with connection with the communist spies who were still in 1953 working at the Secret Army radar laboratories at Fort Monmouth in spite of the fact that for a period of years, the FBI had been warning.
People in the Army that these people were in the Secret radar laboratory and giving the Army information on the basis of which these people should have been suspended and removed.
How long did your investigation continue Mr. Coleman?
Working to the assembling of the facts prepared for having years, I would say search to us real form one.
During that time that you meet the Secretary of the Army, we did not.
You did not consider it with me, we did not.
Now, when did your hearing begin with respect to the infiltration of the subverses in the Army generally?
They began in the summer search directly following the completion of open hearings on the government printing office.
Can you give us the month for this?
In August, 1950.
Yes. Those initial hearings, we understand were executive hearings.
Yes. And here we are at various places, sir, at the United States Courthouse, Foley Square, New York, where the committee has an office at Downing, Washington, in this room and in room 357, maybe in another room on the first floor, and that fort Monmouth itself.
He was finally presided over by Senator McKinley.
Yeah, well, he is the chairman of the committee and he decided at those sessions at which he was present, and I believe he was pregnant.
A little bit of rose who did not know Mr. Coleman, it is my understanding, certainly, that one man constantly did a court of one member of the committee.
That's an important point, Mr. Chankin, under the Christophal decision.
So he's referring, yet it is there, in order to make possible prosecution of communists and others for a purgeary, this committee is, I believe, back to the every other congressional committee, has adopted a one-man courtroom, otherwise, when you bring a purgeary or a contemptate, you've got a proof that a majority of members of the committee were sitting right at the table during every second of the hearing, while the defendant gets acquitted.
After the Supreme Court ruled on that, I believe this committee, like most other committee, adopted this one-man courtroom.
The court prevailed this game hearing, all you understand.
Now, Mr. Coleman, I think it's just a tie-up to here-to-for-thee hearings, that initially, you were investigating three elites, the first ones, are communists in the army, generally.
Is this correct? Not exactly, Mr. Chankin. There were three who were called in first. They were number under investigation, but you'll quite correct in saying that if the first hearing in August, we did feel with three specific cases.
They were not a court member.
They weren't at court members, but one of them, sir, was an army signal court employee. And, of course, court member is part and part for the army signal court.
Now, there is really no distinction between the signal court and court member.
I don't ask you whether or not the fact that you were in this to get these three subverses in the army was publicized.
It was. And, you know about William, I say the end of August.
The end of August or early in September?
Yes. Did you later learn, and do you now know, that is the information that was read by the six areas of the army when he was in Montana?
Yes. I believe what he read, Mr. Chankin. He read specifically about these cases.
These three cases, the British testing.
Yes. These without any detail on the free, and without mentioning names.
This particular one in the army signal court, I think within on August 31, was a security guard for the army signal court.
And the evidence which we had, and which I have right here, is that he had signed a written pledge of support to the Communist Party of the United States.
Do you have it before you? I do, sir. Mr. Cohn, what was the team of those three subverses?
Our communists are currently initially investigating.
So I can send you very clearly. Over there, not suspended. This charge is too hard on the still on the job.
Who I think the third was, although I'm not sure.
The one, the security guard and the army signal court, who had signed this Communist Party petition, was suspended immediately after he was exposed by the committee.
The second one, the second army employee for the court of massacre, involved the Fifth Amendment at the certain time in its activity, and was shortly thereafter suspended.
Was it there that you directed your efforts, particularly to Fort Montgomery?
I would say the exposure of the three persons, about whom we've been talking.
I would say yes.
That's correct. What's this one qualification, Mr. Cohn?
We did hold hearings in between on the use of communist, folk-communist literature, a literature with communist content by Army and Sellers.
We had an executive session and a public hearing, but with both exceptions, I would say the concentration was on Aaron Coleman and Fort Montgomery.
And was the concentration on Fort Montgomery as a result of the fact that you had assembled in the previous months of investigation.
It was. I made their record. Did your efforts, Fort Montgomery?
Yes. When did you first meet the secretary of the Army?
At the beginning of September, sir. You call the day the circumstances.
I say yes. I recall it. I recall, generally, the circumstances. I remember that after the hearings were held in New York, very in no story appears.
And one, I wanted to read a paragraph, because I think it's very important, Mr. Jenkins.
It shows that as early as September 2, 1963, Senator McCawsey made it publicly clear that he intended to call the Florida subcommittee members of the loyalty board.
People in the loyalty procedures for the responsible for the clearing of Army personnel with communist and subversive records.
This new story, which is from the Washington Times, Harold. I will admit, it's dated September 2, 1953, the one paragraph which I can't read in my major.
It goes well.
Both Senator McCawsey is saying on September 3. Until we find out who clears these individuals for Army employment, despite their records of communist activity, we will not get to the bottom of this tragic situation.
Could you care to file that? You are right.
Let it be filed in the record of the approval of the chairman.
He gives them the filing, given the number and file. I may just care in filing now. I think he has been advised informally by his Democratic colleagues.
They have no objection to filing the other documents, Mr. Wattsley. He's having an earlier case given the number. Am I correct, Senator?
I have no objection to the file. I simply assert that I have a right to see you know what's going on before it happens.
I will. The committee documents that don't have a proceeding exhibit number and just for the file is carried away.
Mr. Coleman, before asking you, Mr. President, I'm sorry. Mr. Wylander, I'm sorry.
Mr. Coleman, thank you.
The 26th of this may not be the 27th of this, but it is never started.
Before we hear you, Mr. Coleman, with respect to your relationships, your conflicts, your conversations with the secretary of the Army and his attorney, Mr. Adams, I want you to tell the members of this committee, your version, your story,
all your investigation of the versions of Fort Monmouth and the results of that. I have missed you, Mr. Stevens, for his version of Fort Monmouth.
I have missed you, Adams, to relate his version. I should now like to give Mr. Coleman an opportunity to give the cone version of your investigation of Fort Monmouth and the results you obtained without going into specific cases.
Mr. Coleman, from our Lithney S.U.A. specific question, how long did you investigate the alleged interrogation of curious, parser, birthing at the installation of the Army known as Fort Monmouth?
Sir, the committee's attention and the attention of the staff were first directed to that in the spring of last year.
We are not finished and by hope that when these hearings are over, we will be getting back to that.
How many subversives Mr. Coleman and the U.S.A. were suspended? Mr. Args? Otherwise, any disarray may just taken against them whatsoever as a result of the McCarthy Investigating Committee's efforts along that last.
Sir, before we began our investigation, the number of suspensions was zero. Following our investigation, the number was 35.
I believe that one of the 35 that's been said here by Mr. Stevens has been reinstated with full clearance.
I believe a number of others have been put back on the job but have not had the security clearance restored so that we have, before we started, there was zero.
Now there are 34, most of them under complete suspension. Some of them there, but with security clearance and access to classified material removed.
Mr. Coleman.
Do I understand that it is your position that there were 35 suspension that's the result of the work of the McCarthy staff?
I believe that's the fact, sir.
You have read the statements made by the Secretary of the Army. It's written statements. You read the statement made by Mr. Adam.
Yes, sir. You read the statement? I read those in red. You read those in red.
You recall that it was stated by Mr. Adam in his 40-page statement that while the McCarthy Committee defeated up the suspension of these subversives,
the Army nevertheless would have done it in due course of time. Is that your understanding of what Mr. Adam said in substance?
Yes, sir. Well now Mr. Coleman, what's the significance or importance to you at times?
To the time elements insofar as the subversive is concerned in an installation such as Fort Mamma?
Obviously, sir, time is of the yet in removing a security risk or a subversive from any secret installation.
And particularly, sir, from secret radar laboratories such as all the Fort Mamma's because on the one hand you have the offensive weapons like the Adam and Hyde origin bombs,
the collection type of just about all we have left with the armed defenses to aircraft and atomic attacks and radar is an integral part of those defenses.
And Fort Mamma said one of the nerve centers of radar secret radar research is developing in this country.
Mr. Coleman, it is a rate by you and I'm getting them out to the specific delegation.
The Secretary of the Army and his Council.
Using proper means and methods in their efforts to house the work of the McCarthy Committee particularly in Fort Mamma.
And I now ask you to tell the members of this committee when this first overact was committed in that respect,
now whom and where?
Yes, sir. I don't believe Mr. Jenkins that we have characterized any of the acts that Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams would be used to the act of improper or anything else.
We have set forth what the facts are and I will do that now, sir, at your direction.
I'm asking now to bring you to take these chronologically briefs and even on the way to win the first act whether it's over or not.
By the first word or the first deed was set again, have you consumed?
I am a movie staff and should has an effort on the part of the Secretary of the Army and his Council to stop your investigation of the vertices in Fort Mamma.
Yes, sir.
The first time that we had with Mr. Stevens about it I suppose was during September when we told them that the investigation of Fort Mamma was underway and how deeply content we were about it.
I suppose he had heard that rumored around anyway.
Before that Mr. Adams came on the scene in the end of December and I wait for Mr. Holmes to go to the gravity.
Your first contact as we understand it was with the Secretary alone before Mr. Adams came on the scene.
Yes, sir, I met the Secretary some three weeks before I have met Mr. Adams.
And the thing was that this conversation, this first contact, was the Secretary.
Well, the first contact with the Secretary was held after the exposure of the two people with communist records up until you got the one man.
Was it you saying the most priceless of the fact that you were directing your investigation at Fort Mamma?
So we told him about that on September.
The first time I recall talking with Mr. Stevens about that is on September the 16th, 1950s.
Where was that from? New York.
Where specifically you are. That was in the apartment of Dave Shine, sir.
Who was President?
Chairman McCartney, Mr. Stevens. I was there. Dave Shine was there.
Now precisely what did you tell the Secretary of the Army?
I was respect to you direction of your efforts along the at Fort Mamma.
So there was a general discussion about various areas of communist infiltration in the Army which the committee had on the consideration.
I recall still which were mentioned. One was the Fort Mamma's investigation.
And otherwise the investigation of use of communist lying literature by Army intelligence.
What was the Secretary of the Army's say on that issue?
Well, he indicated he was very much concerned about the situation.
What they're saying did he say Mr. Corn?
The fact he didn't believe that he did not want you to conduct such an investigation with respect.
Just a person's in Fort Mamma. On that occasion? They have no medication. Nothing. Nothing, whatever.
Was there anything on that occasion? Do we accept him or sixteen?
Said to the Secretary of the Army that was improper in any way whatsoever.
So they were.
Now, when was your next time back to the 6th day?
The next time back to the Secretary of the Jankin would be the day.
We held an executive session on use of communist literature by Army intelligence.
It's down in the first floor of this building and I think that was about a week later. A week or so later.
Would be then approximately September 23rd.
Well, I think the date was 6th by Mrs. Steven to the 21st of September.
I'm sure that's right.
Was anything improper said to the Secretary of the Army?
Home with respect to your stopping your work at Fort Mamma's denigest?
When was the first time that the Secretary of the Army ever suggested to you that you just continue that work and turn it over to him?
Are maybe the others the decision leading you to believe that he wanted this?
The McCarthy Committee just sent down an album that the Army do that work.
The first conversation which I have a recollection of Mr. Steven's about that, I would think on or about October 13th.
And where was that?
Merchants Club, New York.
Now, on 8th 6th, Mr. Cohn, the police failed the committee in detail.
What the Secretary says on many days, and also with 13th, is the Merchants Club in New York City.
Sir, the base chronological about this, with Mr. Adams had come into the picture in the meantime, there have been some conversation with him.
Let me withdraw my question in the arctic.
I will ask him whether or not the first time you were in routine, these are you, our Senator McCutley.
By anyone connected to the Army, tradition continued your investigation of the forces of Fort Mamma's was done by Mr. John Adams.
It was. Now, where and when was that?
That was up to the United States, what happened to you, after the first week of October.
Yes. Was the 6th day of the Army with the Miss Cohn or Medication?
No.
Who did the Cell of Committee in detail?
What was said on that occasion of Mr. Adams?
And what occurred?
Yes. What occurred was that we had had our hearing on the public hearing on cognitive simpletration of the Army in December 28th.
In December 29th, Senator McCutley was married, but not anymore.
And the staff conducted interviews on Fort Mamma's personnel, people working in the secret radar laboratory, the first Fort Mamma in New York in the beginning of October, while Senator McCutley was away.
Before the Senator has left as the Jenkins, he gave us a play of reaching him by shortwave radio.
I don't think he encouraged us to reach him, but he gave us a method of doing that in case we wanted him to come back.
Were there few interruptions on any moves? I'm afraid we did this.
But before that, we conducted staff interviews of people currently working in the secret radar laboratory in Fort Mamma's during September and during October.
Now to come directly to your question.
During some of those staff interviews at the beginning of October, we're all in New York.
Mr. John Adams.